
=> Construction of twisted bilayer graphene at any commensurate angles 
=> Use the lammps.dat file to perform relaxation using 
lammps code [https://lammps.sandia.gov/]


------------------------------------------------------
This example is intended to perform the moire lattice creation 
near 0 degrees or (theta) for twisted bilayer graphene. If theta is 
printed to be 10 degree, then it should be called 10 degree. 

In the homo.sh, modify the first few lines. 
You need to provide i) the directory of the files, 
ii) the lattice constant of graphene, and iii) index 
of the initial to final commensurate twist angles 
you want to generate (as provided/generated in 
hex.table file). 

a) If you have a hex.table file, then please provide the 
indices (init and end). For instance, the hex.table file 
provided here, the indices are written in the first column. 

a.1) If you want to create 50 commensurate twist angles 
from 21.78  to 0.655 degrees (see hex.table file indices), 
then provide init=1 and end=50 in the homo.sh. 
However, if you want to create commensurate 
twist angles only from 3.48 to 0.655 degrees, then provide 
init=9 and end=50. (In the first column of hex.table 9 corresponds 
to 3.48 degrees).

a.2) If you want to create only a specific angle, then provide 
the same value for init and end. For instance, for 13.17 degrees, 
provide init=2, end=2

a.3) If you want to create twist angles data file, but not all 
of them one by one. Increase the 'step' value to 2 or higher.

b) If you don't have the hex.table file, the script will generate 
one for twisted homobilayer with hexagonal lattice and perform the 
calculations. And then it will read the provided init and 
end of the generated hex.table file  
to construct the corresponding moire lattices.  

To perform the atomic relaxation simulataneouly, modify lammps_relax=true
in the homo.sh file. See the ./relax directory for example.
After this, you have to specify the forcefields, lammps executables or if
you want to use python wrapper or not. If the lammps_relax=false, you don't 
need to specify these. Currently, the code will perform atomic relaxation 
serially and therefore can be slow for small twist angles. 
If you want to use mpi, please visit lammps 
page to install mpi version for lammps and see how to run it. Generally, you 
would require a jobscript if you are running on remote clusters. See the 
LAMMPS_INSTALL file or visit lammps page to install the serial version.


Please see the no_relax and relax subdirectories for specific examples 
without and with structural relaxation.
--------------------------------------------------
